morning guys it's about just after 5:00
a.m. like 5:15 and I am so so tired
seriously I literally woke up and I was
like in the middle of the dream and I
was like oh my god I'm going to Seoul
today this is my outfit Brandi Brandi um
she was her Fila I always wear these
because they're the biggest so I don't
want to pack them I forget where the hat
is from and then I'm also gonna be
wearing this sweater in case it gets
cold which is from LF and I got it on
sale
all right here are my bags and my
carry-on I still have to go put a little
bit of stuff in that it's downstairs
but I can't believe I fit everything
into this and it was super last-minute
so yay there we go oh my gosh I'm so
tired I'm gonna need major coffee today
like major
let's start our drive to San Francisco
yeah I saw
[Music]
I'm just grabbing a last meal with my
dad he drove me up
we've been talking it's been really
great
we're just gonna go fast
and then with this super cool with like
tea house which is really nice in the
airport at 7:00 or not lawyers
I'm gonna hop on my plane to Korea and
it's 12 and a half hours I'll be there
at like five ish and then the CI
staff are gonna pick me up with some
people and we're gonna head to Seoul and
our hotel and get ready for orientation
we're up at like 9 a.m. the next ring
yeah
[Music]
[Applause]
so when you are traveling 12 hours on a
plane
deodorant really becomes an essential
and my favorite deodorant right now is
my row which is aluminum free vegan
gluten free and made of 100% natural
ingredients and essential oils and I
always struggled to find a really good
deodorant in the drugstore that smelled
nice and didn't have any of the nasty
chemicals and still actually worked and
Myra has really been that for me it's
subscription-based too so all you have
to do is go online and pick out a case
color I chose pink of course and a scent
all of which are made for all genders
and smell super fresh and unique and
then you get one case and one deodorant
pod in the mail for your $10 starter kit
but you can actually get 50% off your
first order and get started today for
just $5 if you visit my my row comm
slash Sienna and use my promo code
Sienna so it's super environmentally
friendly as well because the cases are
refillable so you only have to order new
pods instead of buying a whole new
plastic deodorant every time and then it
makes it fun because you can mix and
match the scents in your case and it's
super cute as well and fits perfectly
inside a backpack and purse so
definitely make sure you check my roll
out and you can get 50% off your first
order and get started today for just $5
when you visit my my road colon slash
Sienna and use my promo code Sienna
[Music]
this is such a nice Airport oh my god
there's a robot oh my gosh I'm so tired
I look like a chargeback my eyes are
like shot in bright red because I barely
slept to anything because it was pretty
much daytime the entire time that we
were on the flight and it was daytime in
Korea so I'm trying to adjust but now
it's like 2 a.m. for a on my body times
I'm like not doing but okay
oh my gosh I'm so excited so I just went
through immigration which is super easy
and I kind of understand South Korean
that they say she told me didn't take
off my hat and I understood that
we're getting there guys
I'm in shock that I'm actually here
so
I'm just so excited I'm gonna go meet
the CIE staff and like a bunch of my
other fellow students fellow study
abroad
through customs are just off my bags and
and we're officially in Korea and then
we're gonna hang out here for a little
bit and we send my people arrived and
and drive you
right now we're in kitchen
yeah I'm gonna crash tonight
I'm so excited I can't wait for all the
laws
I'm gonna end up in here
I looked at it by